Code review section tidy up (#39)
talis/talis.github.io: topics/code-reviews.md

body_class: code-reviews
---

All code at Talis must go through peer review before it can be merged into `master`. This can be done by
raising a pull request on the relevant GitHub repository and asking your colleagues for input.

### 30% vs 90%

Early feedback on an outline plan for your code is great. We follow the 30% feedback rule[^1]

> which allows developers to get early feedback on approach before dotting the i's and crossing the t's. Simply label your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which allows developers to get early feedback on the approach before dotting the i's and crossing the t's. Simply label your
```

pull request with a "30%" tag to get this kind of feedback.

Later, when you are closer to merge, and need a pedant, re-label your pull with a "90%" tag to get feedback on the details.

> You'll find that smaller changes (one liners or very small features) will skip the 30% stage and go right to requesting

Author: Language seemed quite aggressive.

90% feedback.

> If there is neither a "30%" nor "90%" tag, please do not comment on these PRs unless the owner asks you to.

Author: The 0% section is redundant - every PR without an explicit request is in this state.  I've left the statement about the default state, but I'm not even sure that is warranted.

Author: ... and added back the motivation

> If there is neither a "30%" nor "90%" tag, please do not comment on these PRs unless the owner asks you to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is neither a "30%" nor "90%" tag, please do not comment on the pull request unless the owner asks you to. Pull request are often used by developers wishing to track their own changes and organise thoughts before being presented for review. It's good practise to review your own PR before requesting a review from others.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggesting a bit more background about what the motivation of opening a PR before 30% is

Reviewer 2: (Also, would prefer not to use the abbreviation PR unless we define it)

Author: I've done this definition closer to the top.

Author: I think I've updated with something like the original motivation now.

> If there is neither a "30%" nor "90%" tag, please do not comment on these PRs unless the owner asks you to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is neither a "30%" nor "90%" tag, please do not comment on these PRs unless the author asks you to.
```

> We used to recommend adding the 30%/90% to the pull-request title, but that makes for ugly commit logs unless youthey are cleaned up. Github labels are a more elegant solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We used to recommend adding the 30%/90% to the pull-request title, but that makes for ugly commit logs unless they get cleaned up before merging. Github labels are a more elegant solution.
```

> (We previously recommended adding the 30%/90% to the pull-request title, but that makes for ugly commit logs unless they are cleaned up. Github labels are a more elegant solution.)

Author: This is here for motivation, but that could equally well be removed and handled by this PR being a record of *why* I'm suggesting this change.

Reviewer 2: I think this is redundant personally

Author: Shall I just remove (I already added your feedback)?

### How do I perform a Code Review?

Don't always rely on the diff - depending on the size of the changes in the pull request, it might be a good idea to
check out the branch locally. This gives you a number of benefits:

> - You can open up your IDE and see the code as it was written. A variable may have been renamed - you can search in

Author: This wasn't me, honest - prettier.  Will remove.

Author: actually, it kinda fixes a broken window with spacing, so I'll leave in place unless there are objections.
